And so, Habernim was a great thing because it enabled you to sort of create something.
And it was self... I mean, the oldest person in Habernim was about 24.
Whereas in the Scouting movement, there were old idiots of 50 and 60, and all men.
Whereas... And the other thing about Habernim, women were plies.
And it doesn't matter whether they were huge, fat, ugly, everyone was loved.
It was quite amazing.
I mean, I can remember too, there was a little woman, she's probably dead now,
and she was a sort of woman no one would look at.
Because she had John Lennon glasses, and she could hardly walk.
But everyone wanted to be with her.
There was another woman who was known as Floppy, because she was a huge, huge woman.
But everyone... They were never left out.
There was obviously the pretty girls who everyone wanted.
And there were some handsome lads who knew everything.
I was never one of those.
But I was a leader, and my group was the young people from about 13 to 16.
Teenagers who knew everything.
And I learned how to manage people.
And it was a very important point in my life.
We were snobs, intellectual snobs.
Because we thought we were left-wing.
We did this, we did that.
We were the intellectuals.
And where was the other lot?
Cardiff... What was it? CJYS, Cardiff Jewish Youth Society.
Played ping pong, went dancing, off with the girls dancing.
We didn't do these things.
We went camping, and we went kayaking, and we went climbing, etc.